Extend the migration guide regarding the sf::Text constructor change (#3225)
SFML/SFML: migration.md

SFML 3 includes various smaller changes that ought to be mentioned.

> * Changed the parameter order of the `sf::Text` constructor, so that the passed-in font is always the first parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the parameter order of the `sf::Text` constructor, so that the provided font is always the first parameter
```
